OKTA-620023 Update basic sdk sign in guide (#4600)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-basic-sign-in/main/ios/integrationsteps.md

### Sample application and SDK integration

> Similar to the Okta APIs, the SDK uses a generic interface to handle each step of the user sign-in flow. This interface enables applications to use a dynamic model when responding to policy changes within Okta. Specifically, it enables a pure policy-driven design that accepts new functionality, such as adding other sign-in factors, without the need to update your application's code. This feature is important for mobile devices due to the challenges in updating applications. See how the [sample application](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-run-samples/ios/main/) uses the SDK to implement this dynamic policy-driven behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the Okta APIs, the SDK uses a generic interface to handle each step of the user sign-in flow. This interface enables apps to use a dynamic model when responding to policy changes within Okta. Specifically, it enables a pure policy-driven design that accepts new functionality, such as adding other sign-in factors, without the need to update your app's code. This feature is important for mobile devices due to the challenges in updating apps. See how the [sample application](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-run-samples/ios/main/) uses the SDK to implement this dynamic policy-driven behavior.
```

### Integrate the SDK with the sample code

> In contrast to the sample application, the [sample code](https://github.com/okta/okta-idx-swift/tree/master/Samples/Signin%20Samples) provided in this step-by-step guide wraps the SDK with a more prescriptive and explicit interface that is purposely built to help facilitate understanding of how to use the SDK. It's meant to be a learning tool and although you can implement similar code in your app, you're advised to use the same best practice dynamic approach implemented in the sample application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast to the sample app, the [sample code](https://github.com/okta/okta-idx-swift/tree/master/Samples/Signin%20Samples) provided in this step-by-step guide wraps the SDK with a more prescriptive and explicit interface that is purposely built to help facilitate understanding of how to use the SDK. It's meant to be a learning tool and although you can implement similar code in your app, you're advised to use the same best practice dynamic approach implemented in the sample app.
```

> The following steps document how to integrate the sample code into your application. The sample code converts the SDK's generic remediation interface into explicit authentication steps and automatically executes steps, such as the code-to-token exchange. The following diagram illustrates this call flow from your application's UI to the sample code, SDK, and API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps document how to integrate the sample code into your app. The sample code converts the SDK's generic remediation interface into explicit authentication steps and automatically executes steps, such as the code-to-token exchange. The following diagram illustrates this call flow from your app's UI to the sample code, SDK, and API.
```
